You prop yourself up.
Sighing I turn over to look at you.
The day had been hectic, this was the longest time we had together in weeks.
It had been worth it though.
From the warmth of the bedroom, it was hard to believe it was a frigid December night.
Your cases are strewn on the floor.
Maybe it was time to offer you a cabinet for your stuff.
The butterflies didn’t help though, that suggestion seem… too soon, maybe? 
I don’t know.
I brush my hand against your side, catching your attention. 
You seem distant but not cold.
Sibeil: You good?
Morrigan: Yeah, works just hectic… and I don’t really do this sort of thing.
You are quiet for a moment 
Morrigan: But I would like it if it was? You know…. More common?
I smile nodding, not trusting myself to stumble over my own tongue.
You didn’t seem to mind though.
You pause, hesitating 
Morrigan: Is this something your used to?
I know what she means instantly.
Sibeil: I mean, yes and no? But I don’t think that line of questioning will help either of us?
Morrigan: Id just like to know more, really, it’s not a jealousy thing.
I pause, looking you over.
Sibeil: I've had many partners, I suppose. Some I can’t remember really. At some point, I had…. I suppose, repressed my emotions a lot,  I kinda just went wild for a time. 
You listen.
Sibeil: I did a lot to myself that I thought was good but ended up damaging me in the long run so…. I pulled away, I suppose? 
I prefer to choose people now I feel I have a genuine connection with.”
I realise I haven’t really answered your question.
You don’t seem to mind.
You lie back down, unsure how you should sleep, whether to turn towards or face away.
Sibeil: What about you?
Morrigan: Ha! Would it freak you out to know you're the first?
I think on this a while, I had figured but didn’t wish to say anything that might sound insensitive.  
Sibeil; You could never freak me out, you wacko.
You snort, laughing it off but I can tell you're not quite sure.
I whisper to you until I realise you’re falling asleep, no longer pretending to listen.
Brushing your hair away from your face I think back.
Earlier that day had been the first time I had felt much of anything this past year.
The rain, the thundering in my chest as I held you.
The excitement had me feeling like an inexperienced girl again.
I hoped you had felt the same.